AND ELIZABETH WARREN STICKING TO HER MESSAGE, SHE WENT AFTER THE
HER MESSAGE, SHE WENT AFTER THE BIG BANKS AND NOW SHE’S GOING
BIG BANKS AND NOW SHE’S GOING AFTER BIG TECH.
AFTER BIG TECH. AND NOW TO THIS STORY, A FEMALE
AND NOW TO THIS STORY, A FEMALE AIDE TO KYRSTEN GILLIBRAND HAS
AIDE TO KYRSTEN GILLIBRAND HAS ACCUSED THE SENATOR OF FAILING
ACCUSED THE SENATOR OF FAILING TO ACT PROPERLY IN THE WAKE OF
TO ACT PROPERLY IN THE WAKE OF THE #METOO MOVEMENT.
THE #METOO MOVEMENT. A FEMALE STAFFER ALLEGES ONE OF
A FEMALE STAFFER ALLEGES ONE OF GILLIBRAND’S CLOSEST MALE AIDES
GILLIBRAND’S CLOSEST MALE AIDES HAD REPEATEDLY MADE ADVANCES
HAD REPEATEDLY MADE ADVANCES TOWARD HER AFTER BEING PROMOTED
TOWARD HER AFTER BEING PROMOTED TO A SUPERVISORY ROLE.
TO A SUPERVISORY ROLE. AFTER THREE WEEKS OF THE
AFTER THREE WEEKS OF THE ADVANCES, THE WOMAN TOLD
ADVANCES, THE WOMAN TOLD GILLIBRAND SHE WAS RESIGNING
GILLIBRAND SHE WAS RESIGNING BECAUSE OF THE MATTER.
BECAUSE OF THE MATTER. SHE WROTE IN PART THIS, I
SHE WROTE IN PART THIS, I TRUSTED AND LEANED ON THIS
TRUSTED AND LEANED ON THIS STATEMENT THAT YOU MADE.
STATEMENT THAT YOU MADE. YOU NEED TO DRAW A LINE IN THE
YOU NEED TO DRAW A LINE IN THE SAND AND SAY NONE OF IT IS OKAY,
SAND AND SAY NONE OF IT IS OKAY, NONE OF IT IS ACCEPTABLE.
NONE OF IT IS ACCEPTABLE. YOUR OFFICE CHOSE TO GO AGAINST
YOUR OFFICE CHOSE TO GO AGAINST YOUR PUBLIC BELIEF THAT WOMEN
YOUR PUBLIC BELIEF THAT WOMEN SHOULDN’T ACCEPT SEXUAL
SHOULDN’T ACCEPT SEXUAL HARASSMENT IN ANY FORM AND
HARASSMENT IN ANY FORM AND PORTRAYED MY EXPERIENCE AS A MIS
PORTRAYED MY EXPERIENCE AS A MIS MISINTERPRETATION INSTEAD OF
MISINTERPRETATION INSTEAD OF WHAT IT ACTUALLY WAS,
WHAT IT ACTUALLY WAS, HARASSMENT, AND ULTIMATELY
HARASSMENT, AND ULTIMATELY INTIMIDATION.
INTIMIDATION. POLITICO REPORTS NO ONE IN THE
POLITICO REPORTS NO ONE IN THE OFFICE RESPONDED TO THE LETTER.
OFFICE RESPONDED TO THE LETTER. GILLIBRAND’S OFFICE SAID THE
GILLIBRAND’S OFFICE SAID THE LETTER CONTAINED, QUOTE, CLEAR
LETTER CONTAINED, QUOTE, CLEAR INACCURACIES AND WAS A MAJOR
INACCURACIES AND WAS A MAJOR DEPARTURE FROM THE SENTIMENTS
DEPARTURE FROM THE SENTIMENTS SHE SHARED WITH SENIOR STAFF IN
SHE SHARED WITH SENIOR STAFF IN THE FINAL DAYS OF HER OFFICE.
THE FINAL DAYS OF HER OFFICE. WRITING "WHEN ALLEGATIONS ARE
WRITING "WHEN ALLEGATIONS ARE MADE IN THE WORKPLACE, WE MUST
MADE IN THE WORKPLACE, WE MUST BELIEVE WOMEN SO THAT SERIOUS
BELIEVE WOMEN SO THAT SERIOUS INVESTIGATIONS CAN ACTUALLY TAKE
INVESTIGATIONS CAN ACTUALLY TAKE PLACE, WE CAN LEARN THE FACTS
PLACE, WE CAN LEARN THE FACTS AND THERE CAN BE APPROPRIATE
AND THERE CAN BE APPROPRIATE ACCOUNTABILITY.
ACCOUNTABILITY. THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED AT
THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED AT EVERY STEP OF THIS CASE LAST
EVERY STEP OF THIS CASE LAST YEAR."
YEAR." .
. SINCE THE AIDE’S DEPARTURE,
SINCE THE AIDE’S DEPARTURE, POLITICO REPORTS IT’S FOUND
POLITICO REPORTS IT’S FOUND ADDITION EXAMPLES OF ACCUSATIONS
ADDITION EXAMPLES OF ACCUSATIONS AGAINST MALIK.
AGAINST MALIK. DOES THIS HURT HER CAMPAIGN?
DOES THIS HURT HER CAMPAIGN? >> I DO THINK IT HURTS HER
>> I DO THINK IT HURTS HER CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. SHE HAS BEEN A CHIEF ADVOCATE OF
SHE HAS BEEN A CHIEF ADVOCATE OF VICTIMS AND VICTIMS OF SEXUAL
VICTIMS AND VICTIMS OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT.
HARASSMENT. IT HAS BEEN THE PLATFORM OF HER
IT HAS BEEN THE PLATFORM OF HER COMMONWEALTH
COMMONWEALTH CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. OTHER CANDIDATES SUPPORT
OTHER CANDIDATES SUPPORT FIGHTING SEXUAL HARASSMENT BUT
FIGHTING SEXUAL HARASSMENT BUT SHE’S REALLY PLAYED THIS UP AND
SHE’S REALLY PLAYED THIS UP AND SHE’S CREATED POLICIES FROM
SHE’S CREATED POLICIES FROM REFORMING SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE
REFORMING SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE MILITARY TO OTHER ASPECTS.
MILITARY TO OTHER ASPECTS. AND OF COURSE THE AL FRANKEN
AND OF COURSE THE AL FRANKEN SITUATION.
SITUATION. SHE’S LED ON THIS ISSUE FOR A
SHE’S LED ON THIS ISSUE FOR A LONG TIME.
LONG TIME. I THINK WHEN YOU HAVE AN ISSUE
I THINK WHEN YOU HAVE AN ISSUE LIKE THIS THAT LITERALLY LEADS
LIKE THIS THAT LITERALLY LEADS YOUR CAMPAIGN, IT’S VERY
YOUR CAMPAIGN, IT’S VERY DIFFICULT TO OVERCOME A
DIFFICULT TO OVERCOME A SITUATION THAT YOU MISHANDLE IN
SITUATION THAT YOU MISHANDLE IN YOUR OFFICE.
YOUR OFFICE. >> BUT DID SHE?
>> BUT DID SHE? DO YOU KNOW THESE PEOPLE
DO YOU KNOW THESE PEOPLE INVOLVED?
INVOLVED? I KNOW YOU KNOW HER.
I KNOW YOU KNOW HER. I DO, TOO.
I DO, TOO. SHE SAYS SHE HANDLED IT WELL AND
SHE SAYS SHE HANDLED IT WELL AND THAT IT SOUNDS LIKE SHE TRIED TO
THAT IT SOUNDS LIKE SHE TRIED TO CARRY OUT DUE PROCESS.
CARRY OUT DUE PROCESS. >> IT SOUNDS LIKE SHE DID.
>> IT SOUNDS LIKE SHE DID. I THINK THERE’S A LOT OF
I THINK THERE’S A LOT OF QUESTIONS THAT WE STILL HAVE AND
QUESTIONS THAT WE STILL HAVE AND I THINK FRANKLY SHE HAS TO COME
I THINK FRANKLY SHE HAS TO COME OUT AND GIVE A STATEMENT AND NOT
OUT AND GIVE A STATEMENT AND NOT JUST ISSUE A STATEMENT TO
JUST ISSUE A STATEMENT TO POLITICO.
POLITICO. I THINK SHE’S GOT TO ADDRESS
I THINK SHE’S GOT TO ADDRESS THIS PUBLICLY VIA PRESS
THIS PUBLICLY VIA PRESS CONFERENCE OR A SITDOWN WITH A
CONFERENCE OR A SITDOWN WITH A REPORTER.
REPORTER. THERE’S A LOT OF UNKNOWNS.
THERE’S A LOT OF UNKNOWNS. WHEN YOU READ THE LETTER FROM
WHEN YOU READ THE LETTER FROM ONE OF THE VICTIMS IN THE
ONE OF THE VICTIMS IN THE OFFICE, IT’S VERY WELL WRITTEN
OFFICE, IT’S VERY WELL WRITTEN IN TERMS OF WHAT SHE’S
IN TERMS OF WHAT SHE’S EXPERIENCED.
EXPERIENCED. THERE’S A LOT OF THINGS WE DON’T
THERE’S A LOT OF THINGS WE DON’T KNOW AT THIS POINT.
KNOW AT THIS POINT. AT THE SAME TIME IT’S VERY
AT THE SAME TIME IT’S VERY DIFFICULT WHEN YOU ARE RUNNING
DIFFICULT WHEN YOU ARE RUNNING FOR THE PRESIDENCY IN LARGE PART
FOR THE PRESIDENCY IN LARGE PART ON A PLATFORM TO ADDRESS SEXUAL
ON A PLATFORM TO ADDRESS SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND THEN SOMETHING
HARASSMENT AND THEN SOMETHING LIKE THIS HAPPENS.
LIKE THIS HAPPENS. SEW I THINK THERE
SEW I THINK THERE SO I THINK THERE’S A LOT THAT WE
SO I THINK THERE’S A LOT THAT WE HAVE TO FIGURE OUT HERE.
HAVE TO FIGURE OUT HERE. OH, DID YOU WANT TO SAY
OH, DID YOU WANT TO SAY SOMETHING?
SOMETHING? >> YES.
>> YES. SHE HAS OTHER ISSUES THAT MAY BE
SHE HAS OTHER ISSUES THAT MAY BE MORE SIGNIFICANT OR AS
MORE SIGNIFICANT OR AS SIGNIFICANT AS THIS PARTICULAR
SIGNIFICANT AS THIS PARTICULAR ISSUE IN FRONT OF HER.
ISSUE IN FRONT OF HER. SHE HASN’T BEEN ENDORSED BY ONE
SHE HASN’T BEEN ENDORSED BY ONE MEMBER OF THE NEW YORK
MEMBER OF THE NEW YORK DELEGATION.
DELEGATION. IN CONTRAST, CORY BOOKER HAS
IN CONTRAST, CORY BOOKER HAS BEEN ENDORSED BY EVERY MEMBER OF
BEEN ENDORSED BY EVERY MEMBER OF THE DELEGATION.
THE DELEGATION. IT IS VERY MUCH ABOUT NAME
IT IS VERY MUCH ABOUT NAME RECOGNITION BUT IT’S A LITTLE
RECOGNITION BUT IT’S A LITTLE ABOUT ALSO ABOUT THE KIND OF
ABOUT ALSO ABOUT THE KIND OF ROLL-OUTS THAT THESE CANDIDATES
ROLL-OUTS THAT THESE CANDIDATES HAVE HAD.
HAVE HAD. ELIZABETH WARREN HAS NOT HAD THE
ELIZABETH WARREN HAS NOT HAD THE BEST ROLL OUT WITH THE THE
BEST ROLL OUT WITH THE THE POCAHONTAS STUFF AND HOW SHE
POCAHONTAS STUFF AND HOW SHE HANDLED THAT.
HANDLED THAT. IN MY WORLD OF FUND-RAISERS AND
IN MY WORLD OF FUND-RAISERS AND SUPPORTERS SEEN AS HAVING MEMBER
SUPPORTERS SEEN AS HAVING MEMBER TUM
TUM -- MOMENTUM OR NOT HAVING
-- MOMENTUM OR NOT HAVING MOMENTUM.
MOMENTUM. >> IT SHOULD BE INTERESTING TO
>> IT SHOULD BE INTERESTING TO SEE HOW SHE HANDLES THIS IN
SEE HOW SHE HANDLES THIS IN REALTIME.
REALTIME. JAKE SHERMAN, THANK YOU VERY
JAKE SHERMAN, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
MUCH. COMING UP, PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS
COMING UP, PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS TRIED JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING TO
TRIED JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING TO GET A SOUTHERN BORDER WALL.
GET A SOUTHERN BORDER WALL. HE SHUT DOWN THE GOVERNMENT, HE
HE SHUT DOWN THE GOVERNMENT, HE DECLARED A NATIONAL EMERGENCY